README.md, before:

# InstaGet
Easily save instagram video/pictures, youtube thumbnails and twitch clips.

Just copy a link from instagram like: "https://www.instagram.com/p/BWlUWkZD0pr/?taken-by=gaming1empire" run the script, and it will get downloaded.

If you add a link for a gallery it will download all pictures from that gallery.

# How to use
Download the script and bat file and throw them into your scripts folder.

Run the bat file. (If you have setup the everyting as I've writen in Setup you can also use windows run (windows button + R) and type in: instaget + have a link copied

Things you need: Python3.5. Python modules: bs4, requests, pyperclip, lxml.

You can install them in cmd with "pip install [module]"

Make sure you edit the directories in the code (line 34 and 37) and create the folders where you want the script to download to.

# Setup
If you do not have python 3.5 (<a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-353/">Download Here</a>). I suggest installing it at e.g C:\Python35 so it's faster to go to in the cmd when you want to install modules.

Then I recommend setting up <a href="https://youtu.be/5CGe3iuDfn0">this</a> to the folder you keep your scripts, to easily run them with windows RUN (windows key + R).

If you dont know how to install modules it's shown here: http://i.imgur.com/Meww3nZ.png)

# Asked Questions
Q: I changed the directories but it has stil chosen the wrong one. | A: Make sure you edit the filepath before the # as the # is a comment.

Q: I've done everything explained here and it still doesnt work. | A: Have you remembered to copy a link from instagram, youtube or twitch, before running the script?

# Known problems

Twitch made it harder to scrape the video links, so that doesnt work at the moment

Commit message:

Twitch Clips Available again (Selenium)

README.md, after:

# InstaGet
Easily save instagram video/pictures, youtube thumbnails and twitch clips.

Just copy a link from instagram like: "https://www.instagram.com/p/BWlUWkZD0pr/?taken-by=gaming1empire" run the script, and it will get downloaded.

If you add a link for a gallery post it will download all pictures from that post.

# How to use
Things you need: Python3.5. Python modules: bs4, requests, pyperclip, lxml.

You can install them in cmd with "pip install [module]"

By default the downloaded content will be saved at "C:/InstaGet"

# For downloading twitch clips
You also need selenium (python module), firefox and (<a href="https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases">geckodriver</a>).
On windows, download (<a href="https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases">geckodriver</a>) and move the exe file into the python folder.

# Setup
If you do not have python 3.5 (<a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-353/">Download Here</a>). I suggest installing it at e.g C:\Python35 to easier find it in the cmd when you want to install modules, if that is going to be needed.

Then I recommend setting up <a href="https://youtu.be/5CGe3iuDfn0">this</a> to the folder you keep your scripts, to easily run them with windows RUN (windows key + R).

If you dont know how to install modules it's shown here: http://i.imgur.com/Meww3nZ.png)

# Asked Questions
Q: I changed the directories but it has stil chosen the wrong one. | A: Make sure you edit the filepath before the # as the # is a comment.

Q: I've done everything explained here and it still doesnt work. | A: Have you remembered to copy a link from instagram, youtube or twitch, before running the script?
